[MIG][12.0] account_invoice_production_lot: Migration to v12 (#123)
OCA/account-invoice-reporting: account_invoice_production_lot/readme/CONFIGURE.rst

> * Go to **Inventory > Configuration > Settings**, and activate option **Track

Reviewer: Inventory > Configuration > Settings > Traceability > Lots & Serial Numbers

  lots or serial numbers** in order to manage lots in your instance

> * Go to **Sales > Sales > Products** and select or create a stockable product: check

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Go to **Sales > Sales > Products** and select or create a storable product (Product Type)
```
